I have long known that people are so different from each other.

"The world is beautiful because of the variety.” My Italian Culture professor taught me about the complexity of human society on the first day of class. Through the three foreign languages that I acquired growing up, I have learned about the different worlds outside my own, and I am well aware that we human comprehend things in distinct ways, even in the smallest community where I live and study in. When I wrote detailed  tutorial to teach my peers to use the online-ordering system to save their time in our student café, some people appreciate the scrutiny while others criticize the complexity(something too long too detailed). I started to wonder, if everyone interpret things differently, how is it possible to make a product great for everyone?

That's my start of getting to know the world of UX professionals, who identify users’ different pain points through human centered approach and verify their assumptions through prototyping and testing. They can create accessible and usable products for all users, in spite of their differences in cognitive level and physical ability, using the unanimous codes that lie behind human nature. The mixture of multiple disciplines of this study makes me feel, that I, who want to describe the imaginary world through visual designs, and who wish to use the technical power make our life better, belong to this career. 

The goal that I want to achieve in this field is becoming a full-stack UX designer, who can find the optimal balance between the user needs, the business goals and all things technical. I believe that both my extra-curriculum experience and academic choice have prepared me for this path.

In one hand, I was involved in numerous design tasks ever since middle school. I have designed posters, magazines(文集), videos, menus, tour trips, etc. Even if I am not a professional neither an artist, I am always audience-focused and try my best to realize the desired result. In the other hand, I started a Computer Science minor in my sophomore year. I took the core module of computer organization knowledge, and familiarized myself with the programming language of C, Java and SQL. The understanding of software development makes my cooperation with developers more seamless and efficient(smoothly?without difficulty?). Meanwhile, I am more aware of the limitation of product design, thus I can make more realistic decisions. 

My internship at PingAn Fin-Tech Company (Shanghai) revealed me the real designing process of the web-based products. During my internship, I worked closely with the PM. I offered the competitor analysis and market study research to support him identify the key characteristics of the users of our bank clients. I also served as a middle point of different parties. I drew primary wireframes and prototypes to give engineers more visibility of the process. I offered documented specifications for UI designers to build the required interface. I especially addressed on illustrating the value of the purposed feature and the business potential to the shareholders and BD（Business Development）staff .  During this process, I found that the user study has not been attached with enough importance in the highly competitive Chinese mobile(application?) technology industry. Many companies are more concerned about making money in the shortest time. While I believe that UX research will be a future game changer in the business-oriented industry, as it not only helps improve customer satisfaction, but can also save time and money in the scheming phase, and ensure that the final results resonate with their business goals.

For the current inadequacy of user research in the Chinese technical industry, I would like to delve into the UX field to develop a farther career path. This is why I am looking for a structured study at XXX, one of the world leading centers. At XXX, I will be given the chance to study how to use user experience, design patterns, techniques, and tools to complete the product development in a professional way. The balanced, progressive course setting is also arresting, where theoretical study is combined with hands-on projects. I believe the networking and the collaboration with industry of XXX can offer me a great bridge to seek a UX-related job after the graduation. Upon the completion of this program, I expect myself to grow up into a well-instructed designer, who has not only a solid knowledge base, but also has rich project related experience. 

I will offer you a multi-disciplined student who embraces cultural diversity. I spent my last year in Italy, studying Italian language and culture with other students, musicians, football players and businesspersons from over 15 different countries. This experience let me think positively upon all the differences between each other, and drove my desire to let people understand people, people understand machine and vice versa. As an interpret, I have trained myself to understand the subtle meanings lie behind the formation of sentences, and transform the message from the interface of one language, to another. To design a system, I need to translate behaviors into intents, and translate machine responses into patterns that everybody can understand. Communication in both fields is all about listening and responding, and empathizing with others’ feelings and needs is where my strength lies in. 

My research interest in the HCI field is generated by this desire of responding various needs of different groups. During the graduate study, I would like to focus on facilitating senior citizens’ use of modern communication media. In China, approximately 100 million elderly people live by themselves. Many of them need emotional support more than physical care giving. To change that situation, I am interested in taking the Accessibility and Assistive Technologies module, where I can learn about the emerging technologies that can be applied to fulfill the special needs of aging people. I hope to improve the accessibility and usability of the existing social media platform and derive an interface with which seniors can easily socialize with other generations and keep closer contact with their beloved ones.	

We are different in voice but we all desire for good. I believe that the future products can let everyone equally enjoy the benefit of advanced technology. I am therefore pursuing this graduate study as the very first step.
